## Unreleased:

## v0.3.0:

- Add Syncer support from pull request #41
- Disable Compression by default


## v0.2.6:

- Modify `cron_path` so it has healthy defaults that should work.

## v0.2.5:

- Add `compress_with` to disable or change compression methods.

## v0.2.4:

+ Improve testing material
+ Bump `version` to the latest version of the Backup gem
+ Include the dependencies it needs like zlib1g-dev and liblzma-dev (and centos varients)
- Bump the centos version to 6.6


## v0.2.3:

+ check if `mailto` is defined and if it's not that's fine.
+ support *notifiers* with `notify_by`

## v0.2.2:

+ Bump the _version_ of the `backup` gem to *4.1.1*
- after_hook was not being passed to the provider.  It is now
- `node['languages']['ruby']` is not nil by default.  This causes the crontab to generate the wrong command in error in certain situations.
+ Add Chef12 to the test-kitchen support lineup


## v0.2.1:

- Removes the old `crontab` generated by previous versions of the Cookbook


## v0.2.0:
* Move from `crontab` resource to `cron_d`
+ Fix a bug in `generate_config` that would prevent you from properly running
```ruby
backup_generate_config "bob" do
  action :remove
end
```
+ Improved the testing

## v0.1.0:
* Upgrade `backup` gem to *4.0.1*
+ Moves `/root/Backup/data` to `/opt/backup/.data` to preserve Storage Cycler information.
* Write config.rb in the new format minus preloading model definitions.
* Moved `encrypt_with` out of the `generate_config` provider and moved it into the `generate_model`.  See tests for working examples.
+ Update model template to support `encrypt_with` as well as minor cosmetic changes


## v0.0.11:

* Update `providers/generate_model.rb` that used the parameter `remove` in error; it should be `delete`.
* Create test scenario to exercise this code

## v0.0.10:

* Remove references to require *Chef11*
* Update reference to `split_into_chunks_of` as it is not set by default.
* Update links to Backup documentation
* Support `before_hook` and `after_hook`


## v0.0.9:

* Remove rescue blocks around `use_inline_resources` and test for its existiance.
+ added a test suite to verify the cookbook works still with chef10


## v0.0.8:

* Backup on minute 0.  `*` would backup every minute at 1am
* Enable `s3_options` which allows you to specify th S3 endpoint

```ruby
store_with({"engine" => "S3", "settings" => { "s3.access_key_id" => "S3_ACCESS_KEY", "s3.secret_access_key" => "S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY", "s3.bucket" => "BUCKET", "s3.path" => "DIR", "s3.keep" => 5, "s3.fog_options" => {  :host => 's3.DUMMY.DOMAIN.COM', :scheme => 'http', :port => 80 } } } )
  action :backup
```

- Removed blind rescue

## v0.0.7:

* Added whyrun support


## v0.0.6:

* Add Additional attributes for logging; cron path and where the gem binary is located.
* Add Debian box to test-kitchen
* Always manage cron instead of on just when creating the model

## v0.0.5:

* Improve README
* Add Minitests
* Use Inline Resources

## v.0.04:

* Convert to LWRP

## v.0.0.3:

Fork from Heavywater
